Add Breaking Changes viewer to assessing-your-cluster-for-migration.md (#9443)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _migration-assistant/migration-phases/planning-your-migration/assessing-your-cluster-for-migration.md

## Understanding breaking changes

> Before performing any upgrade or migration, you should review any breaking changes that might exist between version, because there might be changes required for clients to connect to the new cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before performing any upgrade or migration, you should review any breaking changes that might exist between version, because there might be changes required for clients to connect to the new cluster. Use the following tool by selecting the versions in your migration path. The tool will respond with any breaking changes you should note when migrating:
```

Reviewer: @natebower: Can you take a look at this sentence?

> Before performing any upgrade or migration, you should review any documentation of breaking changes. Even if the cluster is migrated there might be changes required for clients to connect to the new cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before performing any upgrade or migration, you should review any breaking changes that might exist between version, because there might be changes required for clients to connect to the new cluster:
```

<link rel="stylesheet" href="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/migration-assistant/assets/css/breaking-changes-selector.css">

<div class="breaking-changes-selector">

>   <h4>Find breaking changes for your migration path</h4>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <h4>See a list of breaking changes for your migration path</h4>
```

Reviewer: @natebower: This test introduces a dropdown where you can find a list of breaking changes between versions of ElasticSearch and OpenSearch. With that in mind, does my suggestion make sense to you?

>   <h4>Find Breaking Changes for Your Migration Path</h4>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <h4>Find breaking changes for your migration path</h4>
```

For complex migrations involving multiple transformations or breaking changes, we highly recommend performing a trial migration with representative, non-production data (e.g., in a staging environment) to fully test client compatibility with the target cluster.

> ## Included transformations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported transformations
```

> The following transformations are included in the Migration Assistant. They can be enabled, combined, and configured to tailor a migration to your needs. To request additional transformations to be built into the Migration Assistant, open a github issue [here](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following transformations are included in the Migration Assistant. They can be enabled, combined, and configured to tailor a migration to your needs. To request additional transformations to be built into the Migration Assistant, open a GitHub issue [in the OpenSearch migrations repository](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/issues).
```

> The following transformations are included in the Migration Assistant. They can be enabled, combined, and configured to tailor a migration to your needs. To request additional transformations to be built into the Migration Assistant, open a GitHub issue [in the OpenSearch migrations repository](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/issues).

Reviewer: @jugal-chauhan or @peternied: Searching 
```suggestion
The following [transformations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/migration-assistant/migration-phases/live-traffic-migration/using-traffic-replayer/#transformations) are included in the Migration Assistant. They can be enabled, combined, and configured to customize a migration for your use case. To request additional transformations to be built into the Migration Assistant, open a GitHub issue [in the OpenSearch migrations repository](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/issues).
```

Reviewer: @natebower: Next relevant sentence here.

> - [Type Mapping Deprecation]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/migration-assistant/migration-phases/planning-your-migration/handling-type-mapping-deprecation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Type mapping deprecation]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/migration-assistant/migration-phases/planning-your-migration/handling-type-mapping-deprecation/)
```
